Update wallet invocation section to mention Digital Credentials API (#359)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

The Verifier can use one of the following mechanisms to invoke a Wallet:

- Custom URL scheme as an `authorization_endpoint` (for example, `openid4vp://` as defined in (#openid4vp-scheme))
- URL (including Domain-bound Universal Links/App link) as an `authorization_endpoint`

> For a cross device flow, either of the URL options MAY be presented as a QR code for the End-User to scan using a wallet or an arbitrary camera application on a user-device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a cross device flow, either of the above options MAY be presented as a QR code for the End-User to scan using a wallet or an arbitrary camera application on a user-device.
```
nit, but took me a while to process `URL options`

> The Wallet can also be invoked from the web or a native app using the Digital Credentials API as described in (#dc_api).

Reviewer 2: I'd put this one first and if possible word it so it sounds like the preferred option :)

Author: I think we might get some pushback against essentially recommending it so I'd rather consider that separately. Opened https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/issues/361 for that.

I think we can be clearer about the advantages though - @leecam @timcappalli could you check the new text please? Suggestions to improve it are welcome!

Reviewer: we have a whole paragraph on the benefits that Tim helped re-write here: https://openid.github.io/OpenID4VP/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-wg-draft.html#appendix-A-4

Author: I've committed Kristina's suggestion to just refer to the existing text now.

> The Wallet can also be invoked from the web or a native app using the Digital Credentials API as described in (#dc_api). As described in detail in (#dc_api), DC API provides privacy, security (see (#session_fixation)), and user experience benefits (particularly in the cases where a user has multiple wallets).

Author: That's where I was trying to go with the session_fixation reference and adding the mention of the Browser API solution to the session fixation section. Do you think that hasn't achieved it?

> The Wallet can also be invoked from the web or a native app using the Digital Credentials API as described in (#dc_api). As described in detail in (#dc_api), DC API provides privacy, security (see (#session_fixation)), and user experience benefits (particularly in the cases where a user has multiple Wallets).

Reviewer 3: I'd prefer putting DC API into the enumeration but that's just nitpicking

Reviewer: let's do that when DC API is ready for production and we are changing this text to recommend it.

> The Wallet can also be invoked from the web or a native app using the Digital Credentials API as described in (#dc_api), which provides security benefits over custom schemes (see (#session_fixation)) whilst also having privacy and user experience benefits (particularly in the cases where a user has multiple wallets).

Reviewer: we describe the benefits of the DC API in detail in the DC API section... 
```suggestion
The Wallet can also be invoked from the web or a native app using the Digital Credentials API as described in (#dc_api). As described in detail in (#dc_api), DC API provides privacy, security (see (#session_fixation)), and user experience benefits (particularly in the cases where a user has multiple wallets) over custom schemes.
```

Author: Thanks! I don't think we should mention custom schemes though, a https deep link also has security disadvantages particularly when done cross-device.

```suggestion
The Wallet can also be invoked from the web or a native app using the Digital Credentials API as described in (#dc_api). As described in detail in (#dc_api), DC API provides privacy, security (see (#session_fixation)), and user experience benefits (particularly in the cases where a user has multiple wallets).
```

This kind of attack can be detected if the Response Mode `direct_post` is used in conjunction with the redirect URI, which causes the Wallet to redirect the flow to the Verifier's frontend at the device where the transaction was concluded. The Verifier's Response URI MUST include a fresh secret (Response Code) into the redirect URI returned to the Wallet and the Verifier's Response URI MUST require the frontend to pass the respective Response Code when fetching the Authorization Response. That stops session fixation attacks as long as the attacker is unable to get access to the Response Code.

Note that this protection technique is not applicable to cross-device scenarios because the browser used by the wallet will not have the original session.

> It is also not applicable in same-device scenarios if the Wallet uses a browser different from the one used on the presentation request (e.g. device with multiple installed browsers), because the original session will also not be available there. (#dc_api) provides an alternative Wallet invocation method using web/appplatform APIs that avoids many of these issues.

Author: Thanks Oliver... no idea how I managed that!
